jimfuqian/BB2-3361-Add-golden-bene-info-to-developer-doc (#385)
CMSgov/bluebutton-site-static: _pages/developers.md

| User account ranges | Date updated | Description | 
| -------- | -------- | -------- | 
| BBUser00000 to BBuser09999     | Rolling Claims updated weekly<br /> Loaded July 2023 |     Most recently updated and most useful accounts. These accounts receive new claims data on a rolling basis.  These user accounts represent a range of Medicare demographics and ages, including people under 65 who qualify for Medicare for reasons other than age. |
| BBUser10000 |  Loaded 2017 |  This synthetic user is sometimes referred to as the [Golden Bene](https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/wiki/Synthetic-Data-Guide#golden-bene). It is meant to contain most/all fields in use, including a variety of claim types, so that various data elements can be checked at once.
| BBUser10001 to BBuser29999 | Loaded 2017 | Static claims data |

> | BBUser20000 to BBuser29999 | Loaded 2017 | Static claims data | 

Reviewer: Part of Jillian's suggestion included condensing 10001-29999 into one row, we still have a duplicate range here.
```suggestion
```

Author: > Part of Jillian's suggestion included condensing 10001-29999 into one row, we still have a duplicate range here.

good catch, thanks

| User account ranges | Date updated | Description | 
| -------- | -------- | -------- | 
| BBUser00000 to BBuser09999     | Rolling Claims updated weekly<br /> Loaded July 2023 |     Most recently updated and most useful accounts. These accounts receive new claims data on a rolling basis.  These user accounts represent a range of Medicare demographics and ages, including people under 65 who qualify for Medicare for reasons other than age. |

> | BBUser10000 to BBuser19999 | Loaded 2017 |  Static claims data<br>Note, BBUser10000 is associated with Golden Bene [See Wiki](https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/wiki/Synthetic-Data-Guide#golden-bene),<br>with beneficiary ID -88888888888888, and its FHIR resources<br>have most/all fields in use,<br>so that various data elements can be checked at once, e.g.<br>it has all 8 types of CMS claims as shown below:<br>1. HHA, 1 count, id=hha--9998909<br>2. DME, 1 count, id=dme--9090999<br>3. HOSPICE, 1 count, id=hospice--9398989<br>4. SNF, 1 count, id=snf--9393939<br>5. OUTPATIENT, 1 count, id=outpatient--9292929<br>6. INPATIENT, 1 count, id=inpatient--92949189<br>7. PDE, 1 count, id=pde--999<br>8. CARRIER, 1 count, id=carrier--9090999. | 
> | BBUser20000 to BBuser29999 | Loaded 2017 | Static claims data | 

Reviewer 2: Hi Jim - looking for the table formatting to look like this (to keep this page streamlined):
| User account ranges | Date updated | Description | 
| -------- | -------- | -------- | 
| BBUser10000 |  Loaded 2017 |  This synthetic user is sometimes referred to as the [Golden Bene](https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/wiki/Synthetic-Data-Guide#golden-bene). It is meant to contain most/all fields in use, including a variety of claim types, so that various data elements can be checked at once.
| BBUser10001 to BBuser29999 | Loaded 2017 | Static claims data | 
```suggestion
| BBUser10000 |  Loaded 2017 |  This synthetic user is sometimes referred to as the [Golden Bene](https://github.com/CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data/wiki/Synthetic-Data-Guide#golden-bene). It is meant to contain most/all fields in use, including a variety of claim types, so that various data elements can be checked at once.
| BBUser10001 to BBuser29999 | Loaded 2017 | Static claims data | 
```
